RN - API Endpoint order by restrictions (#3152)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes/09-April-2023/api-endpoint-restriction.md

---

> title: "List Runs API Endpoint order_by restrictions"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "List Runs API Endpoint `order_by` restrictions"
```

id: api-endpoint-restriction

> sidebar_label: "Deprecation: "List Runs API Endpoint order_by restrictions"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: "Deprecation: "List Runs API Endpoint `order_by` restrictions"
```

Reviewer: @mirnawong1 It might be failing because of this in the sidebar title. Removing and seeing if that helps

> sidebar_label: "Deprecation: "List Runs API Endpoint order_by restrictions"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: "Deprecation: List Runs API Endpoint order_by restrictions"
```

> sidebar_label: "Deprecation: "List Runs API Endpoint `order_by` restrictions"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: "Deprecation: "List Runs API Endpoint order_by restrictions"
```

tags: [Apr-6-2023, API]
---

Starting May 15, 2023, we will support only the following `order_by` functionality for the List Runs endpoint:

- `id` and `-id`
- `created_at` and `-created_at`
- `finished_at` and `-finished_at`

> We recommend that you change your API requests to https://cloud.getdbt.com/api/v2/accounts/{accountId}/runs/ to use a supported `order_by` before this date. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend that you change your API requests to https://<YOUR_ACCESS_URL>/api/v2/accounts/{accountId}/runs/ to use a supported `order_by` before this date. 
```

 :::info Access URLs

> dbt Cloud is hosted in multiple regions in the world and each region has a different access URL. Users on Enterprise plans can choose to have their account hosted in any one of these regions. The request above uses `cloud.getdbt.com` (which is for North America) but your access URL might be different. For a complete list of available dbt Cloud access URLs, refer to [Regions & IP addresses](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/regions-ip-addresses).   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
dbt Cloud is hosted in multiple regions around the world, and each region has a different access URL. Users on Enterprise plans can choose to have their account hosted in any one of these regions. For a complete list of available dbt Cloud access URLs, refer to [Regions & IP addresses](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/regions-ip-addresses).   
```
